A. In general, award 0 points for acceptable voice leading between two correctly realized chords. N.B.: This includes the voice leading from the given chord to the second chord.
B. If all chords are correctly realized, and there are no voice-leading errors (as described in III.C. and 
III.D.), but the response seems to have excessive leaps within the upper three voices: 
	1. Award 0 points for voice leading if there are six or fewer leaps in the three upper voices combined. 
	2. Award 1 points for voice leading if there are more than six leaps in the three upper voices combined. 
C. Award only 1 point for voice leading between two correctly realized chords (as defined in II.A.) that features exactly one of the following errors: 
	1. Uncharacteristic rising unequal fifths. (See DCVLE, no. 4.) 
	2. Uncharacteristic hidden (covered) or direct octaves or fifths between outer voices. (See DCVLE, nos. 5 and 6.) 
	3. Overlapping voices. (See DCVLE, no. 7.) 
	4. Motion leading to a chord with crossed voices. (See DCVLE, no. 8.) 
	5. A chordal seventh approached by a descending leap. 
D. Award 2 points for voice leading between two correctly realized chords (as defined in II.A.) if any of the following statements is true: 
	1. Parallel octaves, fifths, or unisons occur (immediately successive or beat-to-beat), including those by contrary motion. (See DCVLE, nos. 1 through 3.)
	2. Uncharacteristic leaps occur (e.g., augmented second, tritone, or more than a fifth). 
	3. Chordal sevenths are unresolved or resolved incorrectly. (The voice with the seventh should move down by step, but may move UP by step only in the case of the i—V43 —i6 progression.) 
	4. The leading tone in an outer voice is unresolved or resolved incorrectly. 
	5. The 6th or 4th of the cadential 46 chord is unresolved or resolved incorrectly. 
	6. At least one of the chords has more or fewer than four voices (soprano, alto, tenor, and bass). 
	7. No preparation or incorrect preparation of the suspension or incorrect resolution of the suspension. 
	8. More than one error listed in section C. occurs. 
	E. Award 0 points for voice leading into and out of an incorrectly realized chord.
E. Award n points where n is the sum of the octaves out of range of all notes.(eg 1 note 1 octive = 1, 2 notes 1 octive each = 2, 1 note 2 octives = 2, 2 notes 2 octives each = 4)

minimum of 0 points(best score)
